---
layout: post
title: "Bloc Journey"
date: "2017-06-12"
---

I’ve always had an interest in video games and computers that was fostered while growing up being surrounded by technology. I just never had the thought to pursue something related to technology until after college was over, but hey better late than never, am I right?

I was browsing and taking part in the free lessons online for coding to see what it would be like, and at one point I thought it was time for me to really dive in. I began learning to develop recently, in March of 2017. My experience with the Bloc curriculum has been quite a roller coaster. I came into the program with an open mind, but also expecting and hoping that I would be able to grasp concepts and understand algorithms and the like extremely easily but that was certainly not the case. The biggest challenge that I’ve faced when learning to develop would have to be the critical thinking aspect. The hardest part for me is converting what I want to happen into code. I’m able to put into words what I want to happen when the webpage loads, but struggle at changing those thoughts into concrete code that works the first time around. It’s only been three months since I started the program and I feel like I’ve learned quite a bit, especially through the frustration that came alongside this journey. I’m especially grateful for my mentor, William, who has been exceptional at explaining some of the concepts that I just couldn’t wrap my head around. Although I’m still far from completing the curriculum, it’s been enjoyable knowing that I am making progress, slowly but surely. I remember being afraid of taking the leap of studying web development after graduating with a degree in Finance, and there are certainly days where I wish I had just stuck with finance… But what made everything seem alright was seeing the finished product of my own work (with William’s tutelage of course). I was able to fiddle around with a website that I created through the curriculum, and am hoping to use that fleeting feeling as motivation to dive deeper into the curriculum. It’s always stressful having to open the notes and see a bunch of terms and acronyms I have never even heard about, but it’s about laying down the foundation to have a deeper understanding on what’s to come. Right now I’m working on this portfolio website that this post will soon be on, and it’s just nice to know that someday soon it’ll be public and I’ll be able to show the world what I’ve been doing these past few months.
